hi youtube i'm gonna be showing you the
lego star review on Naboo swamp first
I'm gonna start out with the minifigures
come just Jar Jar beans I'm really cool
um I don't know what color is that the
only nice detail you can see his eyes
are detailed I cannot get to focus okay
and um body like shirt that's open and
then just raised legs really nice ears
on my head okay now in the quiet car
engine um it back on Jan yellow light
saver you lightsaber and um um hold a
face Oh much good it was a digital
closed it and roll it with the backpack
this out a little some reason nice
second
his backpack and then two little motors
down here my hand and guns silver thing
to keep it standing up to my mother had
a special second minifig their clam
really rare I think you can only get
this clam miss it jaja can't hold it
hurt anybody can hold it pretty much
home so I go the wrong ones box mm-hmm
seaweed spongebob Jets good thing they
look like whips but I used his vines
blue platform you know I special don't
miss whomp you can make it easily um
that's pretty much it for this set
cereal and I said I'd rather when you
guys didn't thanks for watching and bye